Add docs for pnpm and yarn 2+ (#125)
railwayapp/nixpacks: docs/node.md

# Node Support

> For all three NPM, Yarn and PNPM providers, the following environment variables are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NPM, Yarn and PNPM providers all have the following environment variables set:
```

- `NODE_ENV=production`
- `NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION=false`: Ensure that dev deps are always installed

## [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)

**Install**:

> If lockfile is found in source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a lockfile is found in the source code
```

```
npm ci
```

> If lockfile isn't found in source code

Reviewer: ````suggestion
If a lockfile isn't found in the source code
```

Start script found in `package.json`

```

> npm start

Reviewer: Should be reverted as your PR changing this was closed.
```suggestion
npm run start
```

Yarn is detected if a `yarn.lock` file is found at the root level.

**Install**:

> For Yarn 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For [Yarn 1](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/)
```

```
yarn install --frozen-lockfile
```

> For Yarn 2+

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For [Yarn 2+](https://yarnpkg.com/)
```
